so let's start the second mission a little dante
offended by the fact that his pizza broke
some as Spitz with his foot and went in
Magazine but they tied him some
Gopnik with a scythe
Gopnik Satanists anarchist electronics
they smashed and you all my life so
bomzhatnik lived I do not want to look at
asterisk it is cool for everyone to lie
fear blanco
not a gopnik yet decided to break it
you will be the first to fail you
you
about this awesome combo was
new what
here
I'm just a program
still little
don't dare and in general bill dann and
here
on die
This type of tea the main come on
clashed but already show me someone
she is still fucked by the need for a van
dance monkey downs
Aliyev
our school bags
not on you
but same
come on
you can't break me
touran
Although with a gun I repay for ponta fund
fund fund up
from her
not bad
I do not like big beautiful building well
bring a piece of alcohol from prince of persia two
such was the throne
unprecedented ir sen luminous smith
express gave
i missed this building too but i
I do not welcome well or so
not saying that sucked
I took and write a job at the end
thank you all for watching